Fixed spelling mistake (#1806)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/tutorials/using_text.rst

========================================

Changing fonts in LaTeX when typesetting mathematical formulae is 
trickier than regular text. It requires changing the template that is used

> to compile the TeX. Manim comes with acollection of :class:`~.TexFontTemplates` 

Reviewer: Just noticed this too in the same paragraph 😅.
```suggestion
to compile the TeX. Manim comes with a collection of :class:`~.TexFontTemplates` 
```
